README.md, before:

# Phasmophobia MelonLoader Mod - Outdated

Just an private project to learn some basic programming of Unity Engine Mods with the help of MelonLoader.  
Place the generated DLL into the MelonLoader Mods folder.   


**Features**  
\- Simple Box ESP  
\- Bone/OuijaBoard/FuseBox ESP  
\- Fullbright mode  
\- Basic ghost informations (Ghost Name/Type/State, responds to)  
\- Revealed evidence  
\- Own sanity  
\- Show active and completed missions  
\- Console window for logging (MelonLoader)  
\- Ghost actions: Hunt/Idle/Appear/Disappear/Interact  
\- Add/Remove XP/Money  
\- Change speed multiplier  
\- Close+Lock/Open+Unlock Exit/All doors  
\- Change player name


**Hotkeys**  
Up Arrow = ESP  
Down Arrow = Fullbright  
Left Arrow = Information box  
Insert = Toggle GUI  
Delete = Enable debug output  
H = Force ghost to hunt  
I = Force ghost to interact with Door/Book/Objects  
O = Force ghost to appear  
P = Force ghost to stop hunting / appearing  
L = Lock all exit doors  
U = Unlock all exit doors  

**Screenshots**  
\- [Mod v.5](Images/v5.png)  
\- [Mod v.4.3](Images/v4.3.png)  
\- [Mod v.4.2](Images/v4.2.png)  
\- [Mod v.4](Images/v4.png)  
\- [Mod v.3](Images/v3.png)  
\- [Mod v.2](Images/v2.png)  
\- [Mod v.1](Images/v1.png)


# How to build
1. [Install MelonLoader](https://melonwiki.xyz/#/README)
2. Start the game without Mod, only with MelonLoader. ML will download stuff do handle the IL2CPP from Phasmophobia
3. Modify `PhasmoMelonMod.csproj` and edit all  
```<Reference Include="Assembly-CSharp"><HintPath>**.dll</HintPath></Reference>```  
to link to your Steams Phasmophobia directory
4. Compile (Release) and move the `obj\Release\PhasmoMelonMod.dll` to the Mod folder inside your Phasmophobia directory



# Credits
**Fullbright:** `ShieldSupporter` for sharing the code from `Plagues`  
**2D Box ESP idea:** `EBro912`  
**Others:** `HYPExMon5ter`, `Martin951`, `tecnocat`


# License
**GNU General Public License 3**

Commit message:

Implement hotkeys for random event and fusebox

README.md, after:

# Phasmophobia MelonLoader Mod - Outdated

Just an private project to learn some basic programming of Unity Engine Mods with the help of MelonLoader.  
Place the generated DLL into the MelonLoader Mods folder.   


**Features**  
\- Simple Box ESP  
\- Bone/OuijaBoard/FuseBox ESP  
\- Fullbright mode  
\- Basic ghost informations (Ghost Name/Type/State, responds to)  
\- Revealed evidence  
\- Own sanity  
\- Show active and completed missions  
\- Console window for logging (MelonLoader)  
\- Ghost actions: Hunt/Idle/Appear/Disappear/Interact  
\- Add/Remove XP/Money  
\- Change speed multiplier  
\- Close+Lock/Open+Unlock Exit/All doors  
\- Change player name


**Hotkeys**  
Up Arrow = ESP  
Down Arrow = Fullbright  
Left Arrow = Information box  
Insert = Toggle GUI  
Delete = Enable debug output  
H = Force ghost to hunt  
I = Force ghost to interact with Door/Book/Objects  
K = Force ghost to make a random event  
O = Force ghost to appear  
P = Force ghost to stop hunting / appearing  
L = Lock all exit doors  
U = Unlock all exit doors  
X = Switch Fusebox On / Off  

**Screenshots**  
\- [Mod v.5](Images/v5.png)  
\- [Mod v.4.3](Images/v4.3.png)  
\- [Mod v.4.2](Images/v4.2.png)  
\- [Mod v.4](Images/v4.png)  
\- [Mod v.3](Images/v3.png)  
\- [Mod v.2](Images/v2.png)  
\- [Mod v.1](Images/v1.png)


# How to build
1. [Install MelonLoader](https://melonwiki.xyz/#/README)
2. Start the game without Mod, only with MelonLoader. ML will download stuff do handle the IL2CPP from Phasmophobia
3. Modify `PhasmoMelonMod.csproj` and edit all  
```<Reference Include="Assembly-CSharp"><HintPath>**.dll</HintPath></Reference>```  
to link to your Steams Phasmophobia directory
4. Compile (Release) and move the `obj\Release\PhasmoMelonMod.dll` to the Mod folder inside your Phasmophobia directory



# Credits
**Fullbright:** `ShieldSupporter` for sharing the code from `Plagues`  
**2D Box ESP idea:** `EBro912`  
**Others:** `HYPExMon5ter`, `Martin951`, `tecnocat`


# License
**GNU General Public License 3**
